Fix script execution when GA script is not loaded. (#30)
mendix/GoogleAnalytics: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this widget will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 3.3.6 - 2021-06-18

### Changed

> - Fixed an issue while having ads blocker or tracking option disable in the browser.

Reviewer: To be a bit more clear to users:

```suggestion
- Fixed the widget throwing errors and crashing the page while having ads blocker or tracking option disabled in the browser.
```
